# Luminance analysis program
## Project Introduction

After capturing photos with a CCD camera, the images are analyzed and organized to generate the data required by the customer. 
There are three main features:

### Luminance Plot (Visual Graphs)
There are various color maps available for visualization, including Parula, false color, and gray. 

(Due to confidentiality reasons, data for Parula and false color cannot be provided.)
### Calculate Center Point
This function calculates the luminance at the center of the light source.
### Image cropping (no color bar)
This allows for selecting a previously visualized image to create a photo that shows only the illuminated appearance.

## How to use
After running the program, select the item you wish to generate. <br><br>
**All Luminance Plot** button are for generating visual graphs. <br>
After clicking, select the data set you need to process (multiple data sets can be selected). <br><br>
**Calculate Center Point** computes the central luminance. <br>
Similarly, select the file directly, and afterwards, a table will be generated displaying the central luminance for each set of data.<br><br>
**For Image cropping (no color bar)**, after selecting the option, click on the graph file generated by the Luminance Plot. <br>
It will automatically take a screenshot and remove any excess screen area.<br>

Once complete, a command window will pop up with the message 'Finish!!!' to indicate completion. The processed data will be saved directly in the original data folder.

You can use the accompanying **"testData"** to perform error testing.

# Note
This is a demo version of the program. In compliance with confidentiality agreements, only partial functionality is displayed, and the parameters have been adjusted. Please do not use it directly with customer models.